.\" Written by Eric L. Pederson <eric@winternet.com> for the entertainment
.\" of the denizens of alt.sysadmin.recovery.
.TH BOSSKILL 8 "27 September 1995"
.SH NAME
bosskill \- send a signal to your boss, or terminate your boss
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bosskill 
.I [ \-signal ] <bossname>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bosskill
sends the TERM (terminate, 15) signal to the boss with the specified 
.I bossname.
If a signal name or number preceded by \`-' is given as the first
argument, that signal is sent instead of terminate. The killed boss
must be in the system administrator's supervisory chain.

The following is a list of all signals with names as in the include file
<signal.h>:
.HP 1.5i
SIGHUP	1    hangup. Forces
.I bossname
to re-read his/her job description and figure out that he/she knows
squat about sysadmin work or life, in general.
.HP
SIGINT	2    interrupt. Prevents the 
.I bossname
from interrupting the sysadmin for one hour.
.HP
SIGQUIT	3    quit. Causes the boss to quit his/her job with no explanation.
.HP
SIGILL	4    illegal instruction. Makes the boss believe the last
instruction he/she gave was illegal, so he/she withdraws it.
.HP
SIGTRAP	5    trace trap. Display the exact location of the boss.
.HP
SIGABRT	6    abort. Makes the boss go home and try again tomorrow.
.HP
SIGKILL	9    kill. Game over.
.HP
SIGBUS	10   bus error. Boss's transportation fails on the way to work.
.HP
SIGSEGV	11   segmentation violation. Boss realizes he/she is trying to do
something for which he/she is not quailified and stops.
.HP
SIGSYS	12   bad argument. Boss loses.
.HP
SIGPIPE	13   smoke pipe. Boss samples some green leafy substance and
mellows out.
.HP
SIGALRM	14   alarm. Boss is startled and falls over. Best used when boss
is walking next to his/her boss.
.HP
SIGTERM	15   termination signal. Boss is fired.

.SH BUGS
Sending a SIGABRT to a boss that is already home will cause him/her to
walk aimlessly in circles for two hours.
.SH HISTORY
Written by Eric L. Pederson <eric@bofh.org.uk>.
