.\"
.TH C 1 "May 27, 1997" "GNU Drink Utilities"
.SH NAME
c \- genericised soft drink generator (ie coffee, coke etc)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B c
.B [-s[number]]  [-m[type]]  [-e]  [-i]  [-T]  [-S amount]
.B [--other=drink]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents the  GNU  version  of
.B c.
c is a genericised  soft  drinks  engine  designed to provide a stream
of  the  desired  beverage on the standard output.    By  default, c
makes coffee,  white, no sugar.  This is  a   historical  choice based
on the authors preferences.  This behaviour is controlled  by the
options,  and a wide range  of other drinks  are possible.  Please  note
that  not all   combinations make sense,  in taste terms, but that
parsing by c extends only to syntax. Experiment at your own risk.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-s[number]
Specifies the  number of sugars  desired.  If  this
option is omitted, none will be included.

Excessively large values will  result in unpleasant
side effects,  including  rotting  teeth and excess
weight.

If this option is specified with no parameter, the default
is one.
.TP
.B \-m[type]
Determines  whether milk will  be used or not.  The
default corresponds to the specification 'cold'.
.I cold
- Normal, cold milk

.I hot
Normal, hot milk

.I frth
Frothed milk (see -e option for cappucino)

.I none
No milk. Recommended for those who have a deadline.

.I goat
Use your imagination.

.TP
.B \-e
Espresso  option.  High  pressure  steam  is forced
through fine ground dark beans for a stronger brew;
careful  use of the -S  option  is advised to avoid
shaky hands and heart palpitations (see BUGS).
.TP
.B \-i
Iced coffee. Self explanatory really...
.TP
.B \-T
Turkish coffee.  The only  type of  coffee that  is
boiled deliberately.  -s2  or more  recommended  to
avoid grimaces.
.TP
.B \-S[amount]
Size  of the virtual 'mug'  to be filled. The scale
used is  fairly  arbitrary,  but should cover  most
cases...
.I 1
thimbleful

.I 2
espresso cup

.I 3
cafe-style coffee cup

.I 4
office mug

.I 5
sysadmin mug

.I 6
bucket

Use of -S 6 is contraindicated  for use with  n(1), due to
possible  damage  to t he  nasal  membranes,  and risk  of
drowning.  The default is 4; unless a beta version of  the
OS is installed, when the default is 5.  If the beta is of
Digital UNIX, 6 is the default; you'll need it.
.TP
.B \--other=drink
Specify  a drink other  than coffee.  Use  of other
options  is   not  recommended;  the  behaviour  is
unspecified!
.SH BUGS
Caffeine overdose can result by inadvised combinations  of
options (ie -e  and large  values for -S).  If you  suffer
from  increased  heart rate,  visual disturbance,  shaking
hands,  shortness  of  breath,  it is  suggested  that you
discontinue  use.   A -d (decaf) option  was  included  in
previous versions,  but was  removed  after  a  threatened
litigation  arising  from an  unfortunate  practical  joke
involving misuse.
.SH SEE ALSO
n(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Nick Williams, New College, Oxford University.
nickw@iname.com.
