.TH CTLUSER 8 "19 October 1995"
.SH NAME
ctluser \- control lusers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ctluser
[
.B \-h
]
[
.B \-m
]
.I command
[
.I argument...
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Ctluser
sends a message to the control channel of a given
.IR luser (8)
This command can only be run by the
.IR sysadmin (1)
.PP
In the normal mode of behavior, the message is sent to the luser's brain,
which then performs the requested action and sends back a reply with a text
message and the exit code for
.IR ctluser .
If the luser's brain successfully performed the command,
.I ctluser
will exit with a status of zero and print the reply on standard output.
.PP
The ``\-m'' flag is used to display an MPEG of the results of the given command
on the console of the
.IR sysadmin (1)
.IR Note
that this requires the
.IR sysadmin (1)
to be running an X server.
.PP
To see a command summary, use the ``\-h'' flag.
If a command is included when
.I ctluser
is invoked with the ``\-h'' flag, then only the usage for that command
will be given.
.PP
The complete list of commands follows.
Note that all commands have a fixed number of arguments.
If a parameter can be an empty string, then it is necessary to
specify it as two adjacent quotes, like "".
.TP
.BI addhist " <entry>"
Add an entry to the luser's employment record.
.TP
.BI allow " reason"
Allow a luser to use the computer system again.
The
.I reason
must be the same text given with an earlier ``reject'' command.
.BR Note
that this command is currently not implemented.
.TP
.BI begin " name"
Begin a new
.IR luser (1)
with the given
.IR file .
.BR Note
that this command is currently not implemented.
.TP
.BI cancel " pid"
Causes a process of a luser to be killed
.TP
.BI changegroup " group"
Changes a luser from their current workgroup to the one specified.
.TP
.B checkfile
Forces a user to return to a paper based system
.TP
.BI drop
Causes a large mass to drop onto the luser from a great height.
.TP
.B flushlogs
Destorys all logs of the actions done by the
.IR sysadmin (1)
to the luser.
.TP
.BI go " reason"
The luser is fired for the given reason.
.TP
.BI hangup 
Makes the luser hang themselves
.TP
.BI mode 
Displays the operating mode of the luser
.TP
.BI newgroup " group"
Causes a luser to make their own newgroup up
.TP
.BI pause " thought"
Makes the luser pause for the given thought.
.IR Note
that this may cause some lusers to crash
.TP
.BI shutdown " reason"
Makes the luser shutdown. This is essentially the same as killing them
.TP
.BI signal " sig"
Sends the given signal to the luser
.TP
.BI throttle " reason"
Causes the luser to throttle themselves
.TP
.BI trace " item flag"
Gives the
.IR sysadmin (1)
information on what the luser is doing.
.PP
.SH BUGS
.I Ctluser
sometimes has the effect of lusers complaining the to management. The use of
.IR bosskill (8)
maybe required at this point.
.SH HISTORY
Written by Simon Burr <simes@tcp.co.uk>. Based upon the manual page for
.IR ctlinnd (8),
part of the InterNetNews system.
.SH SEE ALSO
luser(1),
sysadmin(1),
bosskill(8)
