.\"-------
.\" f l a m e . 1
.\"
.\" Created from a post-nroff version posted in rec.humor:
.\"
.\" >From: felton@eng3.UUCP (Ed Felton)
.\" Subject: New Unix Utility
.\" Message-ID: <571@eng3.UUCP>
.\" Date: 17 Oct 90 15:43:53 GMT
.\" Reply-To: felton@sci34hub.sci.com (Ed Felton)
.\"
.\" We found the following man page on our system...
.\" What do you folks think??
.\" --
.\" Ed Felton uunet!sci34hub!eng3!felton
.\"
.\" DaviD W. Sanderson
.\"-------
.TH FLAME 1
.SH NAME
flame \(em reply to Usenet News posting automatically
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flame
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ filename ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Flame is a AI tool providing an automated method
for replying to articles posted to Usenet News.
Special care is paid to allow the user to specify
the type of reply he desires.
The following options are supported by flame:
.TP
.B \-\-
Take input from stdin.
.TP
.BI \-x " regexp
Crosspost to all newsgroups matching
.IR regexp .
.TP
.BI \-n " number
Post this reply
.I number
times.
.TP
.B \-b
Reply in BIFF MODE.
.TP
.B \-d
Delay response until original posting expires.
.TP
.B \-m
Misdirect to a random Author.
.TP
.B \-r
ROT13 quotes from original posting.
.TP
.BI \-g " regexp
Reply to all messages in newsgroups matching
.IR regexp .
.TP
.B \-A
Call the Author Assh*le in 12 languages.
.TP
.B \-B
Bait the Author.
.TP
.B \-C
Accuse the Author of communist leanings.
.TP
.B \-D
Denigrate the Author.
.TP
.B \-E
Picks apart the Author's educational background.
.TP
.B \-F
Accuse the Author of fascist leanings.
.TP
.B \-G
Post using Greek insult module.
.TP
.B \-H
Accuse the Author of homophobic leanings.
.TP
.B \-I
Question the Author's intelligence.
.TP
.B \-J
Accuse the Author of purchasing Japanese imports.
.TP
.B \-K
Accuse the Author of working
for the KGB, MOSSAD, CIA, or MI5 as appropriate.
.TP
.B \-L
Post using Latin insult module.
.TP
.B \-M
Insult the Author's mother.
.TP
.B \-N
Accuse the Author of Neo-Nazi leanings.
.TP
.B \-O
Quote obscure references proving falsehood of the posting.
.TP
.B \-P
Question the Author's parentage.
.TP
.B \-Q
Accuse the Author of deviant sexual practices.
.TP
.B \-R
Accuse the Author of racist leaning.
.TP
.B \-S
Accuse the Author of sexist leanings.
.TP
.B \-T
Accuse the Author of cross dressing.
.TP
.B \-U
State that the Author just doesn't understand anything.
.TP
.B \-V
Pretend sympathy for Author's virgin sensibilities.
.TP
.B \-W
Accuse the Author of voting for George Bush.
.TP
.B \-X
Prepend obscene adjectives wherever syntactically correct.
.TP
.B \-Y
Accuse the Author of PLO membership.
.TP
.B \-Z
Accuse the Author of Zionist leanings.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
The environment variable FLAME_TYPE can be set
to any combination of the above parameters,
and will be used as the default flame type to generate.
.PP
The environment variable OBSCENE points to a file containing
miscellaneous obscene adjectives for the
.B \-X
option above.
.SH MACROS
Macro Support will be added to the next release of
.IR flame .
.SH AUTHOR
Unknown
.SH FILES
.TP
\&.lastflame
This file contains the number of the last article flamed.
Used when
.IR flame ing
an entire newsgroup.
.TP
\&.prefflame
This file contains the user's preferred flames.
.TP
\&.altflame
This file contains alternate phrasing
of some of the more standard flames.
Used to keep the program from flaming itself.
.SH "SEE ALSO
.IR rn (1),
.IR more (1),
.IR newsrc (5),
.IR readnews (1),
.IR Pnews (1),
.IR Rnmail (1)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Self Documenting.
.SH BUGS
Occasionally,
.I flame
will turn on the user,
and flame all outgoing postings.
When this happens, the best thing to do reinstall your
news software and
.IR flame .
