.TH FLOG 1
.\" .ad
.SH NAME
flog \(em speed up a process
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flog
.RB [ \-l " \fIn\fR]
.RB [ \-a " \fIm\fR]
.RB [ \-u ]
process-id
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Flog
is used to stimulate an improvement in the performance of a process
that is already in execution.
The
.I process-id
is the process number of the process that is to be
disciplined.
.PP
The value
.I n
of the
.B \-l
flag is the flagellation constant,
i.e., the number of
.I lashes
to be administered per minute.
If this argument is omitted, the default is 17,
which is the most random random number.
.PP
The value
.I m
of the
.B \-a
flag is the number of times the
inducement to speed up is to be
.IR administered .
If this argument is omitted, the default is one,
which is based on the possibility that after that
the process will rectify its behavior of its own volition.
.PP
The presence of the
.B \-u
flag indicates that
.I flog
is to be
.I unmerciful
in its actions.
This nullifies the effects of the other keyletter arguments.
It is recommended that
this option be used only on extremely stubborn processes,
as its over-use may have detrimental effects.
.SH FILES
.I Flog
will read the file
.I /have/mercy
for any entry containing the process-id of the
process being speeded-up.
The file can contain whatever
supplications are deemed necessary, but, of course, these will
be ignored if the
.B \-u
flag is supplied.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
On Improving Process Performance
by the Administration of Corrective Stimulation,
.I CACM ,
vol. 4, 1657, pp. 356-654.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
If a named process does not exist,
.I flog
replies ``flog you'' on the standard output.
If
.I flog
happens to
.IR kill (2)
the process, which usually happens when the
.B \-u
keyletter argument is supplied, it writes ``RIP,'' followed by the
process-id of the deceased, on the standard output.
.SH BUGS
Spurious supplications for mercy by the process being
flogged sometimes wind up on the standard output, rather than in
.IR /shut/up .
