.TH GONG 1
.\" .ad
.SH NAME
gong \- evaluate process performance
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gong
.RB [ \-f ]
.RB [ \-a ]
process-id
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Gong
is used to evaluate the performance of a process that is in execution.
.PP
The
.I process-id
is the process number of the process whose performance is to be
evaluated.
The evaluation is performed by a set of three ``panelist'' routines,
each of which analyzes one aspect (time, space, and tonality)
of the performance of the process.
If any of these routines is not amused by the performance,
the process being analyzed is sent the
.IR gong (2)
signal.
In addition, the process-id of the evaluated process is written
on the standard gong, for possible future corrective action.
(It is suggested that the standard gong
be an audible alarm for proper effect.)
It is expected that after being
.IR gong (2)ed,
the process will promptly commit suicide.
.PP
The
.B \-f
keyletter argument
indicates that
.I gong
is to invoke
.IR flog (1)
with the
.I unmerciful
argument if the process does not respond to
.IR gong (2)ing.
In the absence of this argument, the process is continuously
.IR gong (2)ed,
which may lead to the process becoming a
deaf zombie.
.PP
The
.B \-a
keyletter argument indicates that if all three of the panelist
routines
.IR gong (2)
a process, the process should be unmercifully
.IR flog (1)ged
whether or not the
.B \-f
keyletter is supplied.
.SH FILES
/dev/ding.dong is the standard gong.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
On the Applicability of Gonging
to the Performance and Merit Review Process,
.IR "Journal of Irreproducible Results" ,
vol. 263, issue 19, pp. 253-307.
.SH BUGS
If the named process does not exist, it is possible that
.I gong
will attempt an evaluation of itself, which may lead to a condition
known as compounded double ringing (see
.IR echo (1)).
Therefore, it is recommended that
.I gong
be used with extreme care.
