.TH KNIFE 8 
.SH NAME
knife, axe, cutter, chainsaw \- tools to improve network performance via SNIP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B knife
is used to control the network via Sysadmin Network Interrupt Protocol
[SNIP].
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Experience has shown that suitable application of these tools on the
network can lead to improved network performance, as busy segments of
useless traffic can be isolated from the important stuff (and the rest
of the world, for that matter).  However, care must be taken, otherwise
lusers will be complaining about "network downtime".
.SS "knife vs LART"
While knife can be used as a replacement for LART, the reverse is not
generally true; while blunt trauma works wonders on lusers, it tends to
be ineffective on cables.  Also, note that using knife or one of it's
associates as a LART will probably lead to higher level assault charges
than one would get with a standard LART.
.SS "chainsaw, the power SNIP tool"
chainsaw is a version of knife that makes quick work of almost any problem.
It also has a correspondingly higher potential for causing unintentional
damage.  Handle with care.
.SH FILES
In its normal application to cables, knife uses no files.  If applied to
a disk, many files may be affected; see mkfs(8).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
lart(8)
.SH BUGS
You may be required to fix things eventually.
.SH RESTRICTIONS
Bosses and the legal system may take a dim view of overenthusiastic application
of these tools.
.SH AUTHOR
While the origin of the first knife remains a mystery, this man page was
written by Kurt Hockenbury <kurt@something.com>.  He disclaims
responsibility for any actions inspired by this man page.
.SH HISTORY
SNIP was first described on alt.sysadmin.recovery by J.D. Falk
<jdfalk@cais.cais.com> as a followup to a post by
<martin@angela.ctrl-c.liu.se>.
