.\" @(#)lart.1m 1.0 96/01/23 TDB
.\" Written by Tim Bandy <bandy@cs.umn.edu> just for kicks.
.TH lart 1M "01 23 1996"
.SH NAME
lart \- Luser Attitude Readjustment Tool \- use a lart to adjust
lusers' attitudes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lart
[
.BR -use
.I tool
] [
.B -bBfFgklp
]
.I <lusername>
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX  "lart command"  ""  "\fLlart\fP \(em use a tool to adjust attitudes"
.PP
.B lart
adjusts the attitudes of those pesky, clueless people who rely upon
their admins for everything from picking their mice off of the floor
to turning on their monitors; namely, the luser(8).  Running
.B lart
with the appropriate arguments will cause the specified luser to
run away screaming in agony.  Alternatively, you can make the luser
buy you a beer, after killing all of their processes.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 15
.BI \-use " tool"
Choose your weapon.  If this option is not specified, the enviroment
variable LART is used.  If neither is set, a default value will be
used, which is set at compile time
.TP
.BI \-b
Used to increase the size of your lart
.TP
.BI \-B
The BOFH option.  Removes a users files and kills all their processes.
If used in conjunction with
.B \-p
this will also cause syslog to make entries proving that
.I <lusername>
was the second gunman behind the grassy knoll
.TP
.B \-f
Only fake luser's attitude readjustment session.  Provided primarily
for testing purposes.  Mutually exclusive with
.B \-B
.TP
.B \-F
.B fsck
.I <lusername>
 as a raw device.  Note that this option has not been
tested, as it is rather difficult to find volunteers
.TP
.B \-g
Graphic violence.  Uses
.B curses
to monitor
.I <lusername>
during the beating.
.TP
.B \-k
Kill.  A rather permanent option, and as such is not highly
recommended.  Can only be invoked once per
.I <lusername>
.TP
.B \-p
See
.B \-B

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sysadmin (1),
.BR guru (8),
.BR luser (8)
