.TH NUKE 8 "13 October 1991" "UNIX"
.IX "nuke" "" "\fLnuke\fP \(em launch nuclear weapons at mapped USENET sites"
.SH NAME
nuke \- launch nuclear weapons at mapped USENET sites
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB/etc/nuke\fR [\fB-y \fIyield\fR] [\fB-a \fIheight\fR] [\fB-hcm\fR] \fIsitename...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Nuke
employs the `missile coordinate' fields in the USENET map database and
Internet connections to a server interfaced with AUTOVON to lob
nuclear weapons at other UNIX sites, specified by name.  The default
warhead is a single 25KT groundburst tac nuke; options support other
combinations of warhead size, type and deployment.

The -y option specifies a yield.  The argument must be a number
suffixed by K or M, for kiloton or megaton respectively.  Yield
arguments above 255M are quietly ignored.

The -a option specifies an air-burst height in meters.

The -h option specifies thermonuclear (hydrogen) weapons.

The -c option specifies cobalt-jacketed warheads for permanent site
interdiction.

The -m option, useful with multiple-site
.I nuke
calls, invokes code which optimizes delivery using MIRVed warheads to
minimize launches.

In accordance with the normal UNIX design philosophy
.I nuke
does not prevent you from nuking yourself.
.SH FILES
.TP 2.5i
.I /usr/lib/maps/*
USENET map file database
.SH BUGS
If a target site has given only nearest-city coordinates in its map
entry, incorrect targeting and significant collateral casualties may
result.

Heavy use of
.I nuke
may cause EMP effects which interfere with Internet service.
.SH NOTE
This command is restricted to super-users only.
.SH AUTHOR
Eric S. Raymond <esr@thyrsus.com>
