.\" From: chuck@druco.att.com
.\" Newsgroups: rec.humor.funny
.\" Subject: STRFRY(1)
.\" Keywords: unix, smirk
.\" Message-ID: <S2cf.2bdb@looking.on.ca>
.\" Date: 6 Aug 91 10:30:04 GMT
.\" Lines: 68
.\" Approved: funny@looking.on.ca
.TH STRING 3D
.SH NAME
strfry \- string operation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <string.h>
.PP
.B char *strfry (s1, s2)
.B char *s1, *s2;
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The arguments
.I s1
and
.I s2
point to strings (arrays of characters terminated by a null character).
The function
.I strfry
may or may not alter
.I s2
or
.IR s1 .
This function does not check for overflow of the array pointed to
by
.IR s1 .
.PP
.I strfry
will encrypt
.I s1
using
.I s3
as the key.
.RI ( s3
is a character pointer and
contains random garbage from the stack.)
.I s2
will then be copied to the memory pointed to by the
.B NULL
pointer.
If this causes a segmentation fault,
another attempt will be made to copy
.I s2
into a random address within the interrupt vector table.
.PP
.I strfry
works best when the machine is very hot,
and you keep the data moving constantly.
Unless your memory devices are teflon coated.
.SH NOTE
In systems where
.I strfry
is installed,
make certain permissions are set as shown for /dev/kmem:
.PP
.nf
crw\-rw\-rw\-\0\0\01\0root\0\0\0\0\0sys\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\00,\0\00\0May\0\06\013:40\0/dev/kmem
.fi
.SH BUGS
In certain machine architectures
.I strfry
doesn't always crash
the system in the first attempt.
In these systems,
you should execute it in a loop at least three times.
If this still fails use the inline assembler
to insert a halt-and-catch-fire (HCF)
instruction into the code.
.PP
Character movement is performed differently
in different implementations.
Thus overlapping moves may yield surprises.
