.\" Written by Abby Franquement-Guillory (abbyfg@tezcat.com).
.\" Convered to troff by Eric Pederson (eric@winternet.com).
.TH SYSADMIN 1fun "25 September 1995"
.SH NAME
sysadmin \- responsible for everything imaginable that may
or may not have to do with the system you're
using.  Contraction of "system" and "administrator"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sysadmin [\-ab] [\-cd] [\-ef] etc......
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B sysadmin
takes care of everything, is generally harangued, must
be supplied with coffee, chocolate, and alcohol in order to
function properly, cannot be exposed to direct sunlight, and must
not be allowed to have a life.
.LP
.B sysadmin
is not intended as a user interface routine; other
programs provide user-friendly front ends;
.B sysadmin
is used
by everyone who can track him [her] down.
.LP
With no flags,
.B sysadmin
reads its standard input up to an
EOF, or a line which
.B sysadmin
wishes to parse, and then
proceeds to ignore it entirely and read news all day. When
invoked with the \-w option,
.B sysadmin
reads standard input
and responds according to terms of job description.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-bofh
Go into Bastard Operator From Hell mode.
This option causes sysadmin to use tools
stored in the /usr/lib/bofh directory to
parse the standard input and route user
tasks appropriately.
.TP
-cd
causes sysadmin to become caffeine-deprived,
resulting in system slowdowns.
.TP
-b
causes the sysadmin to function normally
while augmenting the standard input with
beer(5).  Can be used with the \-t option
as well, depending upon which version of
.B sysadmin
you are running.
.TP
-t
causes the sysadmin to smoke tobacco, which
can result in significant performance
improvement, provided you are running the
correct version of sysadmin.
.TP
-Cfile
Specify an alternate configuration file
(sysadmin.cf is the standard).
.TP
-dX
set debuggin value to X.
.TP
-fFullname
Set the full name of the sysadmin.
.TP
-Bf
Create the sysadmin.cf configuration
freeze file.
.TP
-lname
Sets the name of the "luser" person (that
is, originator of a given request). -l can
only be used by "trusted" users (who are
listed in sysadmin.cf).
.SH NOTES
The \-t option should not be used with a version of sysadmin
which is not capable of parsing tobacco input.  Though the
functionality of this command may seem similar to the \-b
option, it should not be confused with that or the related
\-c option.
