.TH THINK 1fun "April 5, 1996" "think version 1.0"
.SH NAME
think \- you don't have to think, the computer can think for you
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B think
[ \-\fBdetach\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIThink\fP simulates a thinking brain.
.LP
This can be useful if someone is not wanting to think at invocation time
or if someone is needing some thinking about something.  It can also be helpful
if someone's brain is not working correctly at invocation time.
.LP
When invoked, \fIthink\fP will go ahead and look at all of the commands
and keystrokes that a user has made during the current login session.
\fIThink\fP will then look at what files the user has.  From this and what
level the user is listed at in the file /usr/lib/think, \fIthink\fP will
figure out what the user was trying to do when \fIthink\fP was invoked.
.SH DEVICES
The process that \fIthink\fP uses to help a user is greatly aided if the
user is wearing a brain interface bus (bib) device.  A bib device is normally
worn on the head, and if being used, then \fIthink\fP will try to see what was
going through the users head at the time of invocation.  After \fIthink\fP
does this, it will send electric signals to the users brain, causing the
user to type in whatever keystrokes are necessary to accomplish the task
that he/she doesn't want to think about.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\fBdetach\fP
also known as "Must mother do all of your thinking for you?"\-mode.
This options causes \fIthink\fP to run in the background as a daemon that
watches for users who look like they may need assistance.  When a user is
found to be exercising cluelessness, \fIthink\fP will lock up their keyboard
and will proceed to execute what seems to be the most likely sequence of
commands that the user had intended to execute.  This flag may only be used
by the super\-user.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /dev/brain
bib device special file.
.TP
.B /usr/lib/think
file to indicate various user abilities.  The format of this file is a
username on each line followed by some whitspace and then a number.  The
higher the number for a given user, the more likely \fIthink\fP is to assume
that that user knows what he/she is doing.  Unfortunately, what \fIthink\fP
considers a large number will vary with usage.
.SH BUGS
If a user is using a bib device and actually lacks a brain of their own, then
there is a high risk that \fIthink\fP will take over their (non-existent) minds.
This has the upshot that someone other than the user will have to stop the
program.  (Perhaps this is a feature.)
.LP
It may illegal in some areas to force users to wear bib devices.
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by John Guthrie <guthrie@math.upenn.edu> with
suggestions from Kevin Whyte <kwhyte@math.upenn.edu> for the
alt.sysadmin.recovery man page collection.

