.\" Written by Eric L. Pederson <eric@winternet.com> for the entertainment
.\" of the denizens of alt.sysadmin.recovery.
.TH WHACK 1fun "28 September 1995"
.SH NAME
whack \- mangle requests to a printer or damage a printer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B whack
[-h | -v] [-i] [-w]
.I ids
.LP
.B whack
[-j] [-v] [-s] [-w]
.I printers
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B whack
mangles line printer requests or damages line printers.
When the first form of the command is used, the printed output of the
job is mangled as specified by the options. When the second form of
the command is used, the printer itself is damaged as specified by
the options.
.SH OPTIONS
.LP
.TP 10
.B \-h
Horizontal. Make the output run across the page horizontally, ignoring
linefeeds and other form movement characters or embedded commands.
.TP
.B \-v
Vertical. Make the output run vertically in one column (the current column) down
the paper, ignoring any form movement characters or embedded commands.
.TP
.B \-i
ISO mode. Select, at random, a different ISO code set to use while printing
the rest of the job.
.TP
.B \-w
Write a taunting message on the user's terminal after the
jobs have been whacked.
If the user is not logged in locally,
then mail will be sent instead.
.TP
.B \-j
Jam. Self-explanitory.
.TP
.B \-v
Voltage surge. Send a voltage spike down the transmit lead(s) of the printer.
Physical contact with the printer should be avoided while using the \-v option.
.TP
.B \-s
Spit. Causes the printer to rapidly eject it's paper load into the output bin.
Depending upon the speed of the ejection, a few characters could actually
print on each page.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B /etc/termcap
.PD
.SH HISTORY
Written by Eric L. Pederson <eric@bofh.org.uk>.
