.\"
.TH xLart 1 "Aug 17, 1997" "GNU Utilities"
.SH NAME
xLart \- interactive X interface to
.IR rlart (1)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xLart
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xLart 
is an interactive X11-based interface to the 
.IR rlart (1) 
off-line lart spooler. 
.B xLart 
uses the lartd - if lartd is not running when 
.B xLart 
is started, 
.B xLart 
will start it and send an autolart to the members of wheel (not including
root). 
.B xLart 
utilises xfaces and Drag-and-Drop to allow playing admins to either 
drag lusers onto larts or vice versa. Points are accrued for each 
successful lart deployment, and scores written to 
.B /var/account/lart/interactive.

.B xLart 
makes use of several basic larts, and as more points are
accrued (or as the lusers become harder to lart) other, more
capable larts are made available. The basic larts are:

.nf
			Filleting knife
			10lb Sledgehammer
			Garrotte
			Beretta 9mm
			un-set concrete
			tommy gun
.fi

Of course, since 
.B xlart 
is only distributed in source form, site-dependent larts may be designed, 
implemented and used by the relevant BOFH or sysmangler.

The highest level of play also allows for the use of the atomic
lart (lat and long must be specified, but some help is given by
the program) and the psychological lart (old-style lobotomy,
Electro-convulsive shock therapy, extreme aversion therapy and
drug cocktails). The psychological lart needs to be used over
several rounds, due to its non-instantaneous nature.

The vanilla installation of 
.B xLart 
requires a configuration file list of larts to be added at certain 
point intervals. A slightly more interesting installation makes 
use of the xface library to provide that personal touch when larting 
lusers. The most interesting variant of 
.B xLart 
is to not only use xfaces but also to describe a building layout 
(similar to loderunner) with levels and interior descriptions. 
This variant allows several admins/BOFHen to play simultaneously, 
competing against each other to see how many lusers they can lart 
in a given time period (say until local police units arrive) or before
ammunition runs out.
.SH FILES

.B /etc/lartcap 
.nf
					- lart capability database 
.fi
.B /var/lib/lart/lusers/xface.<lusername>
.nf
					- xface for lusername 
.fi
.B /var/lib/lart/larts/<lartname>.ppm
.nf
					- small iconic image of lartname
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
.IR lartcap (5),
.IR lac (8),
.IR lartd (8) 
and 
.IR rlart (1)

.SH BUGS
None found yet, but who really cares?
.SH AUTHORS
James McPherson
